This is a project which uses gamma distribution to model the expected draft order of the players in the for drafts in 2017 NFL season (however by changing the files data this can be used for any normal draft). The gamma distributions are created from the mean (i.e. average draft pick) and standard deviation of when a player is picked, in order to compute the likelihood a player is picked after x amount of picks(i.e. CDF), this data can be found at https://fantasyfootballcalculator.com/adp.

Information about gamma distribution: (alpha/shape = mean/standard deviation) (beta/scale = standard deviation)

Based on the alpha and beta values this gamma distribution is actually a Erlang distribution (see wikipedia.org/wiki/Erlang_distribution). An Erlang distribution is used to compute waiting times between k occurrences of an event this is very similar to how a player is picked in a draft, so this seemed like the best distribution to use to model the data.

From this the program calculates the expected number of position that will be drafted in the next x picks, where x is the number of picks the current draft picker has till their next pick. After computing this data the program determines which position is best to pick by looking at the difference in projected points, from the top player in that position vs the expected top player after x picks (projected points can be found at http://games.espn.com/ffl/tools/projections?). After determining the best position to pick from the program chooses the highest projected player in that position.

To run the project run Fantasy.java in the src file. You'll be prompted to input information about you league. Once you do this it will give the best option for which player to choose (note you don't have to put what order you are in, in the draft it will automatically output the best option during every turn). Keep track of the players chosen by typing their names in the command prompt (upper case, period, and apostrophes don't matter), once its your turn just pick the player most recently outputted. Also defensive names are as follows (city) (defense), however if a city has multiple teams the format is (city abbreviation i.e. NY or LA) (team name) (defense)
